---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "azrandom_string Resource - azrandom"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  The resource azrandom_string generates a random permutation of alphanumeric characters and optionally special characters.
  This resource does use a cryptographic random number generator.
  Finally, the generated string is stored in a azrandom vault
---

# azrandom_string (Resource)

The resource `azrandom_string` generates a random permutation of alphanumeric characters and optionally special characters.

This resource *does* use a cryptographic random number generator.

Finally, the generated string is stored in a azrandom vault



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `length` (Number) The length of the string desired. The minimum value for length is 1 and, length must also be >= (`min_upper` + `min_lower` + `min_numeric` + `min_special`).
- `name` (String) The name of the secret where the generated value should be stored

### Optional

- `keepers` (Map of String) Arbitrary map of values that, when changed, will trigger recreation of resource. See [the main provider documentation](../index.html) for more information.
- `lower` (Boolean) Include lowercase alphabet characters in the result. Default value is `true`.
- `min_lower` (Number) Minimum number of lowercase alphabet characters in the result. Default value is `0`.
- `min_numeric` (Number) Minimum number of numeric characters in the result. Default value is `0`.
- `min_special` (Number) Minimum number of special characters in the result. Default value is `0`.
- `min_upper` (Number) Minimum number of uppercase alphabet characters in the result. Default value is `0`.
- `numeric` (Boolean) Include numeric characters in the result. Default value is `true`. If `numeric`, `upper`, `lower`, and `special` are all configured, at least one of them must be set to `true`.
- `override_special` (String) Supply your own list of special characters to use for string generation.  This overrides the default character list in the special argument.  The `special` argument must still be set to true for any overwritten characters to be used in generation.
- `special` (Boolean) Include special characters in the result. These are `!@#$%&*()-_=+[]{}<>:?`. Default value is `true`.
- `upper` (Boolean) Include uppercase alphabet characters in the result. Default value is `true`.

### Read-Only

- `version` (String) The version to the secret under which the generated value was stored
